BennerBot/README.md, before:

Hello, my name is Jdbener and today I am going to give you a basic walk through of how to use my twitch/hitbox chatbot, BennerBot! Bennerbot has been designed differently than other chatbots, it is designed by streamers for streamers, it has been designed to manage both twitch and hitbox simultaneously, it has also been written in java so it can be used from anywhere! If you have any bug reports or feature requests feel free to post an issue on the GitHub page and will try my best to include your input.

**If you ever find a bug or have and idea for a feature please post a comment [here](https://github.com/jdbener/BennerBot/issues)**

**A link to the latest download will be available once I feel like I have gotten to a point where it is acceptable. Feel free to try out some of the older versions or try to compile the bot yourself**

**If you like what im doing feel free to: [![alt text](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif "Title")](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=XF5ZN3N5ULFAE)**

(Post an Issue if i should add anything else to this file)

##Features:##

1. Accessible, Bennerbot is written in java so it can be used anywhere. We also dont have limitations who can use it.

2. Extendible, Bennerbot has been designed to be very extendible with a plugin system with access to all parts of the bot

3. Community Drive, Every step I take in design BennerBot is inspired, suggested, written, or requested by the community.

4. API Integration, Bennerbot has been designed to integrate closely with twitch, hitbox, and many more to come.

5. Server Mindful, Bennerbot's design is server friendly, just pop it in, start it up and be free!

##Libraries Used:##

- [PIRCBotX](http://code.google.com/p/pircbotx/) ~ License: This software product is OSI Certified Open Source Software, available under the GNU General Public License (GPL). Since the GPL may be too restrictive for use in proprietary applications, a commercial license is also provided.

- [Apache Commons Lang](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/)/[Apache Commons Codec](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-codec/) ~ [License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/)

- [Google Guava](https://github.com/google/guava) ~ [License](https://github.com/google/guava/blob/master/COPYING)

- [slf4j](http://www.slf4j.org/) ~ [License](http://www.slf4j.org/license.html)

- [JSON-Simple](http://code.google.com/p/json-simple/) ~ [License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

- [Java Simple Plugin System](http://code.google.com/p/jspf/) ~ [License](http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

- [JYAML](http://jyaml.sourceforge.net/) ~ [License: JYaml has a BSD style open-source license.](http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

- [LogBack](http://logback.qos.ch/) ~ [License](http://logback.qos.ch/license.html)

- [SQLite-JDBC](https://bitbucket.org/xerial/sqlite-jdbc) ~ [License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/)

##Licence:##
Copyright © 2014 Joshua Dahl (jdbener@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish and/or distribute the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. The Software is never to be sold or other wise distributed for commercial gain.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated the readme to be more inline with this branch of the project.

BennerBot/README.md, after:

This is the development branch of BennerBot where I keep all of my source code and all the other stuff that I am using for development. This is an exact copy of my eclipse folder with no bells and whistles and no cencoring or cleaning. Below are my credits as well as my Licence.

**If you ever find a bug or have and idea for a feature please post a comment [here](https://github.com/jdbener/BennerBot/issues)**

**The main page for this project can be found here [here](https://github.com/jdbener/BennerBot)**

##Libraries Used:##

- [PIRCBotX](http://code.google.com/p/pircbotx/) ~ License: This software product is OSI Certified Open Source Software, available under the GNU General Public License (GPL). Since the GPL may be too restrictive for use in proprietary applications, a commercial license is also provided.

- [Apache Commons Lang](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/)/[Apache Commons Codec](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-codec/) ~ [License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/)

- [Google Guava](https://github.com/google/guava) ~ [License](https://github.com/google/guava/blob/master/COPYING)

- [slf4j](http://www.slf4j.org/) ~ [License](http://www.slf4j.org/license.html)

- [JSON-Simple](http://code.google.com/p/json-simple/) ~ [License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

- [Java Simple Plugin System](http://code.google.com/p/jspf/) ~ [License](http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

- [JYAML](http://jyaml.sourceforge.net/) ~ [License: JYaml has a BSD style open-source license.](http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

- [LogBack](http://logback.qos.ch/) ~ [License](http://logback.qos.ch/license.html)

- [SQLite-JDBC](https://bitbucket.org/xerial/sqlite-jdbc) ~ [License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/)

##Licence:##
Copyright © 2014 Joshua Dahl (jdbener@gmail.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish and/or distribute the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. The Software is never to be sold or other wise distributed for commercial gain.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
